Anni/wcicd (#16642)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/build-system/troubleshoot.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Troubleshooting
head: []
description: Understand the build image used in the Workers build system.
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

> ## Known Issues

Reviewer: Would frame as limitations

> Currently in Closed Beta, we are working on patching the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Just list them

- **GitLab project:** Currently in Beta, GitLab projects are not yet supported. Only GitHub projects are supported.

> - **Branch name:** Currently in Beta, only branches named ‘Main’ can generate a build.

Reviewer: Seems like someone will need to know this earlier along?

I also don't follow what it means — does it mean that only if I merge a change from <branch name> into `main`, then a build will trigger? Can we be explicit and specific?

> - **Hardcoded build environment variables:** In the Build Details view, the build environment variables listed are not your own, they are hardcoded. We will be removing the hardcoding soon.

Reviewer: "not your own" is confusing? like someone elses? I know what this is but how can we be simple — you can't configure your own environment variables for build jobs yet

- **Deleted API Keys listed:** In build configurations, you may see deleted API Keys still appear in the list of selectable API Keys.

> - **Disconnect repository when deleting a Worker:** It is advised to first disconnect the associated git repository in 'Settings > Build' before deleting the Worker to avoid complications when reusing that repository in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disconnect repository when deleting a Worker:** When you delete a Worker, you should first disconnect the associated git repository in 'Settings > Build'. This will ensure that you will be able to reuse that repository with other Workers.
```

> - **Slow intialization time:** Our initialization times can be slow or inconsistent at the moment, we are working on patching this issue. If you are experiencing long initialization times, please try cancelling the build and triggering a new deployment.

Reviewer: What's a "long initialization time" — how does someone understand what you're referring to?

> - **Wrangler.toml and Workers dashboard project name mismatch:** When you deploy a Worker that has a different name on the dashboard from its Wrangler.toml, then the project will build in the Worker you made the git connection on but deploy to a Worker with the same name as the one specified in the Wrangler.toml. To avoid this issue, please ensure that the project name in the Wrangler.toml matches the project name on the dashboard.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite feel right for known issue, its just product behavior? Is there a way we can explain elsewhere as, "this is how the system works"

> If you discover additional issues, please notify us in the Closed Beta Discord channel.

Reviewer: Link to channel?
